N02 and E04 test case descriptions updated (#1114)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/tests/dashboards/e04-verify-slo-dashboard.md

   > redhat-rhmi-solution-explorer -> Workloads -> Deployment Configs -> Scale to 1
   > redhat-rhmi-ups -> Workloads -> Deployments -> Scale to 1

> Execute the scripts below in a separate terminal tab/window and keep them running. It will keep scaling down stuff so that things don't start working automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the scripts below in a separate terminal tab/window and keep them running. It will keep scaling down resources and prevent from automatic scale up by the operator(s).
```

Author: hey, resources is much nicer word than stuff :) Was not sure how to call Deployments, DeploymentConfigs, and StatefulSets by general word.

> Bringing things up might not be so simple. Make sure you have access to the terminal output of the scripts to see how many pods (replicas) were there originally and manually change that back if some alerts don't stop firing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bringing resources up might not be so simple. Make sure you have access to the terminal output of the scripts to see how many pods (replicas) were there originally and manually change that back if some alerts don't stop firing.
```
